OK
Ye Huan
Are you sure I won't take this bet today?
Make an appointment
I don't believe in this evil today
I bet you
Chiro
Unexpectedly, Ye Ye Yang really dared to agree?
One link is just a demon
Want to force them prisoners
So he led his mind to hide from Yiziyang and dared not fight
Unexpectedly, the Ten Bone Elders and Ye Ziyang
Not fooled at all
How can anyone really dare to take their life?
Unless it's a celestial being
Otherwise, this is a doomed situation.
The best result now is that the leaves are
Go to death with Ye Huan
But I don't want to see this result.
Then you are wrong.
This leaf Yang is so precious to his life
It's impossible to enter the game without preparation.
Then you mean this leaf yang?
Been acting
He is the inheritor of ancient bamboo
You must have the ability to save your life.
Isn't that Ye Huan you?
Don't underestimate sir
This gentleman's ability
Don't talk about me
Even these five families are elusive
Think about it in this world
The same ordinary person
In just a few days, it becomes a leading profession
Let's wait and see
Wildflower, give me a happy word, do you dare to bet with me?
I'm waiting for your word
Wild hand bar